- What I am showing in my GIMP exported file is the work in progress of my final design. What you are looking at is a beautiful night sky in somewhere very dark. In that pattern in the sky there is a formation of stars seeming to portray and line graph shooting upward. I highlighted these in green to make the start and end more vocal but I have not finalized that and may goes against it for a more natural look. As anyone sees these bright stars they do the very stereotypical thing someone does and wishes on a star. But I do not believe in wishes. Wishing on something based off of luck is lazy and a waste of time. To quote the Roman Philosopher Seneca “Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”  A wish on a star just gets the ball rolling for a person to work towards that goal they “wished” for every day. That is the message I am trying to portray in my image. Where I will go from this preview is to the text. I plan to follow the gimp floating logo tutorial because I am still not very familiar with this program and sometimes it gets frustrating. Along the top left of the picture I plan to have a floating white text talking about how growth never comes from just wishing on a star. I feel somewhere I may struggle through the tutorial will be getting it into my file and making sure it shines over the stars and that the background does not come through with it. I have read that tutorial about five times and I am honestly not confident I will be able to do it. Honestly though, what do I have to lose? I will do the best I can and be proud of it.
